Update the pull request template (#5460)
ray-project/ray: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Please review https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst before opening a pull request.
-->

## Why are these changes needed?

> <!-- Please give a short brief about the problem these changes address. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Please give a short summary of the problem these changes address. -->
```

This is not directly related to your change, but while we're at it might be good to change this wording. "Brief" as a noun is not a very common word so it could be less understandable (especially to non-native English speakers).

Also, "short brief" is pretty redundant...

Reviewer: Applies to the "what" section below as well

## What do these changes do?

> <!-- Please give a short brief about these changes. -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- Please give a short summary about these changes. -->
```

Please review https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst before opening a pull request.
-->

## Why are these changes needed?

<!-- Please give a short summary of the problem these changes address. -->

## What do these changes do?

> <!-- Please give a short summary about these changes. -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- Please give a short summary of these changes. -->
```
